[Appa grunting softly]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I'm such an idiot. Appa.
[Appa grunts]
Why was I such a jerk to her?
I told her I didn't need her.
[Appa grunts]
Practically yelled it at her.
Why'd I do that?
[Appa grunts]
Words made of air.
Airbend.
Why not words bend?
[Appa grunts]
Wait a minute. There's a way out of this.
I just have to say…
I'm sorry.
[Appa grunts]
Is Katara…
[Sokka] Uh…
Right. Um. does the bluebell have
a cheese dumpling
that laments the elbow leech?
It's okay. The Dai Li
that was spying on us is gone now.
- No one's within earshot.
- What was that?
- I was using the code words.
- Didn't you get the updated list?
You updated the code word list again?
Yes! 'Cause the Dai Li have been
crawling all over the villa.
trying to catch us talking about stuff.
and they might break the code!
No one can break the code.
I know the code. I can't even break it.
Guys. it doesn't matter.
Momo ate the new list anyway.
He ate it for security purposes.
- I was trying to ask if Katara's here.
- She left early to meet with General Sung.
She's very positive in the jing
about this new mission.
I think she felt bad
about losing track of Joo Dee.
Joo Dee's a master spy.
Who could blame her?
Yeah. it's. uh. totally a good thing
that we were all super nice to her
and. uh. thanked her
for all of her hard work and dedication.
Okay. I did not do that at all.
- Was I supposed to do that?
- No.
What about Professor Zei?
Does he have more information
about the Spirit Library?
He may have a scroll
that says where the entrance used to be.
We're sure that something in this library
tells us when the comet is coming?
[Sokka] Legend has it.
it has the greatest repository
of knowledge in the universe.
So maybe.
Right now. the best plan is
to get the information for the Earth King.
Anyway. I better get going.
I gotta keep up appearances
with Long Feng.
Why keep up the act?
He knows you know he's lying. right?
Sure. but if I keep doing what he asks.
he'll think I'm scared
because I know that he knows
that I know he knows.
And that's exactly
what I want him to think.
Wait. was that the new code?
No.
[door opens]
[dramatic music playing]
[mysterious music playing]
[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
[Sung] Were you followed?
[Katara] No.
Any luck with our friend?
[Sung] I've been unable
to locate your mechanist.
Do you have a plan to tell the Earth King
about the comet without Zei?
It's in the works.
And what about an attack strategy?
The Avatar was the key to victory
in the Northern Water Tribes.
If we're going to take the war
to the Fire Nation.
we will need his power.
Yeah. he's… he's working on that too.
I know you and your friends
have been through a lot.
but you haven't faced
someone like Long Feng before.
A villain who deals in fear and secrets
can cut the heart from his enemy
without lifting a finger.
I am rallying support from others
to stand with Aang against Long Feng.
Our lives will be on the line
when he talks to the king.
and yours may be too.
I promise we will be ready.
I wasn't followed.
Please tell me you have it?
Your dubiety is mithering. sir.
[chuckles]
Now. this is from personal letters
of Yao Xiaobo. a legendary scholar
renowned more for his taste for adventure
than his research.
A hero of mine.
For generations.
the library stood outside of Ba Sing Se.
a resource for humans
who sought knowledge for knowledge's sake.
[Sokka] Hmm.
To enter. one had only to offer a piece
of their own knowledge to the collection.
The librarian. Wan Shi Tong.
oversaw the free exchange of wisdom.
and harmony ruled.
When the halls were sullied
by warmongering humans.
Wan Shi Tong rent existence itself
and folded his library
out of the human plane.
leaving a spiritual scar on the land.
- A spiritual scar?
- [Zei] Mmm.
I think we've seen one of these before.
Seen? I thought it was a metaphor.
It… it's real?
[scoffs] It's a real metaphor. all right.
We went through one into the Spirit World.
- It's kind of terrible. actually.
- [Zei] Huh.
Well. I'd say this one must be somewhere
in the Lower Ring.
That's the area
that has undergone the most growth.
Well. at least now we have an idea
of where we're headed.
So.
I can come if you find it.
Yeah!
I mean. without you.
we wouldn't have any idea where to start.
[Katar] So once we find the spirit scar.
Aang should be able to meditate everyone
into the Spirit World again.
Okay. I'm sorry. What is a spirit scar?
It's a place where the veil is thin
between worlds.
A place that feels a little haunted.
It's like walking on thin ice.
but the ice is… existence?
So. haunted. between worlds. thin ice.
Three things I've avoided my entire life.
Can't wait!
Tomorrow. we'll split up
and search the Lower Ring till we find it.
Be careful asking around.
We can't trust anyone from Ba Sing Se.
[Sokka] Hmm.
What about people outside Ba Sing Se.
like the refugees?
I'm not sure how well
they know the streets.
but we can trust them.
How did it go with General Sung?
[Katara] She's nervous.
She wants to know
what your attack strategy is
to fight the Fire Nation.
[scoffs] Of course she does.
- They always want a big attack plan.
- They want the Avatar State.
I know. but… I can't.
Maybe the library will have another idea
for how to fight back.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure they'll have
information about the Fire Nation there.
Someone's coming!
- [Toph clears throat]
- [Sokka] Oh. uh…
[knock on door]
Toph Beifong?
- Hide the map!
- [Katara] Just give it to me.
Let me guess. Proposal. right?
Tall. business prodigy. handsome.
As if that matters.
Um… no.
"From the desk of Lady Beifong."
"Toph. I'll be arriving
in Ba Sing Se tomorrow."
"The only purpose of my trip is
to see you and make things right."
"Please. don't ignore me."
"With love. your mother."
[mysterious music playing]
[thunder rumbles]
So you're the ones who captured
General Tran of the Fire Nation.
We're very grateful for your assistance.
But I am a little surprised
it's you who escorted this prisoner here.
Suki determined. as our leader.
she needed to maintain a vigilant watch.
The Fire Nation are unpredictable.
as you know.
[Zei] I understand
you want to see the Avatar.
However. the Avatar and his companions are
a little preoccupied with matters of state
and won't be available.
But in the meantime.
we can provide housing
in the city for you.
Thank you. General Sung.
for your hospitality.
I do need to warn you.
The city is its own nation-state.
Quite independent
from the military forces here at the Wall.
I'm not sure I understand.
They do not discuss the war
inside the city.
We ask that you keep
our military operations confidential.
You can rely on us
for the utmost discretion.
[door opens]
[indistinct chatter]
[sizzling]
- I'll be home late again. Uncle.
- Oh. Zuko!
I have jook with bread and egg.
I'll eat on the way to work.
I don't wanna be late.
I wanted to discuss that. actually.
The owner of the tea shop is retiring.
and well. if you want.
I can offer you a good job
with fair hours.
No. but thank you.
I… I have to go.
[sighs]
Excuse me.
Right.
You. hey. Um…
Do you know of any. like.
haunted houses around here?
Didn't think so.
[sniffing]
[dishware clattering]
Is that… pear and ginger?
[Iroh] Yes. it is.
I just added it to the menu.
Allow me.
It's meant to be quite therapeutic.
[inhales deeply]
[exhales]
This is wonderful.
[Iroh] Hmm.
My mother used to brew this for me
when I was little.
Whenever I'd get sick. she'd stop working.
She insisted she'd make it herself.
She didn't like the way the cooks did it.
"Too dry." she'd complain.
I never knew that a drink could be dry.
And she'd just sit with me.
reading. to make sure
that I drank every last drop.
It sounds like
you have a very loving mother.
No.
No. my parents are not good people.
I'm thinking about
never speaking to them again.
[Iroh inhales]
[sighs]
It's hard when you're young to understand.
Navigating life is complicated.
Most of the mistakes we made were choices
that felt right in the moment.
[Toph] Well.
did you ever choose money
over people's lives?
That's what my parents did.
I made lots of choices
to protect my family.
Now I can see that some of them were
misguided.
But still. I would choose
to protect my nephew over anyone else.
Do you think that's what he wants?
I'm not sure.
Do your parents know what you want?
I think so.
As we get older. we have to find the words
to tell each other what we want.
Even if those words are hurtful.
[Toph sighs]
I don't even know
if I wanna give them a chance.
Not unless they show
that they could change.
It takes true courage to change.
I would say it doesn't hurt to ask.
but I guess sometimes
asking is what hurts the most.
[sighs]
[clears throat] Um…
Anyway.
thanks for the drink.
And the advice. of course.
Thank you.
After all. sharing tea
with a fascinating stranger
is one of life's true delights.
[Toph] Right.
Stranger.
These are your accommodations
for your stay.
After you settle in.
I can show you to the marketplace.
Thank you very much. Joo Dee.
- Pardon the interruption.
- Cultural Minister. what an honor.
Just a quick visit.
I could not miss the opportunity
to meet the famed Kyoshi Warriors.
I am Long Feng.
Cultural Minister to the Earth King.
A humble gift.
Delicacies from your home island.
Cultural Minister.
it is an honor and a relief
to meet a nobleman
who reports directly to the king.
The Kyoshi Warriors pledge
absolute fealty to his grace.
His Majesty will be pleased.
My warrior sisters and I
undertook great risk
to capture the High Commander
of the Fire Nation forces.
and we want to be sure
that the Earth King himself
has a chance to interrogate this asset.
I'm sure he will be kept abreast
of the information gathered
from the prisoner who is being held…
By General Sung.
They cautioned us to be discreet
about what we say in the city.
so I do hope I haven't overstepped.
Of course not.
Please. let Joo Dee know
if you need anything.
Joo Dee. a quick word?
[suspenseful music playing]
[Azula] What did you make
of his body language. Ty Lee?
He almost popped a blood vessel
when you said General Sung's name.
He clearly didn't know
about Tran being held prisoner.
You really think he'll tell the king?
Information is power to someone like him.
[suspenseful music swells. then fades]
[Jet sighs]
You treat all your merch like that?
You're gonna melt it down
for scrap anyway.
Unless you're… you're buying a teapot
for your granny.
- Fifteen.
- Twenty.
Sixteen. Nineteen.
Seventeen. Seventeen and a half.
- [gasps] Deal.
- [Jet] Deal.
- [man] Look out!
- [whooshing]
Octopus shark!
- Ah!
- [knife clatters]
Hey. Jet.
[tense music playing]
[Jet groans] Again?
You can go.
[Jet] Traitor!
Can't believe you defended those people
from the Fire Nation.
What are you.
some kind of flame lover now?
[Katara] I didn't see
any Firebenders there.
Just a bunch of powerless people
being bullied by looters.
I don't need a lecture from you.
I know about that do-gooding crap
you've been up to
in that disguise of yours.
Healing the sick. feeding the poor.
You should know. your little act
isn't changing anyone's lives.
[sighs] I came here
because we need your help.
I'm looking for a place in the Lower Ring.
and you know your way around the streets.
It's for the war.
Sorry.
I'm not a freedom fighter anymore.
Too risky.
You hate the Fire Nation enough
to pick on a bunch of helpless people.
but you can't do one thing
to fight the real enemy.
No. Now. if you'll excuse me.
I have to go find a new buyer
since you chased the last one off.
and I was kind of hoping to eat tonight.
I'll buy it.
I'll buy it if you can help us.
I'll pay you double.
Triple and it's a deal.
Eight hours of walking and all we found
were those fried flour potatoes.
Gave me indigestion.
[Katara] Hey.
I got someone who could help.
Jet?!
Katara? How could you bring him here?
Uh. who is this guy?
- I'm Jet.
- He's a bad guy.
He tried to kill Bumi.
Hey. if you guys don't want my help.
I can just go.
He knows where the spirit scar is.
We don't need help from a terrorist
who tried to overthrow the government.
Oh. wait. we're kind of trying
to overthrow the government now.
I like him. He stands with attitude.
[Aang scoffs]
You hated him before.
Why are we supposed to trust him now?
We don't need to trust him.
I'm not asking you to.
You just need to trust me.
[mysterious music playing]
[sighs]
[music fades]
Oh. Zuko. you're home.
I'm just heading out. Night shift.
Not yet.
Not until we talk.
We can talk later.
Zuko. we've put this off for too long.
Sit down. please.
[Zuko sighs]
[sighs]
Back on the farm. what you said…
I…
I was angry.
It wasn't right to blame you
for what's happened to me.
[Iroh] No.
It was right.
Everything you said was right.
When my son died.
I ran from my responsibility.
I should have stood up.
Every day I saw my brother with the crown.
I felt it.
What he did to you.
I've been trying to be a father to you
because I know how your father is.
But I've also been trying to turn you
into the man I hoped Lu Ten would be
instead of helping you
become your own man.
That wasn't right.
I'm sorry.
And now it's time to make up for it.
I'm ready to face my mistakes
and correct them.
I must ask you. too. Zuko.
to choose what kind of man you want to be.
But choose for yourself.
And whatever you choose.
whatever path you walk down.
I will always love you.
[sentimental music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
You know. what we really need
are some aromatic bath salts.
All of that roughing it. you know?
Oh. yes. I know just the vendor.
There's the grocer back there.
And the bookish woman.
[Mai] And Joo Dee is clearly a spy.
This place is crawling.
The military and the city rulers
are in a cold war.
and order is maintained through
secret police and paranoia.
Do you know what fuels
all of this distrust and animosity?
Weakness.
The Earth King is weak.
Maybe under the influence
of some shadow ruler.
If there is a shadow ruler.
they would be the key.
Might be open to listening to reason.
As long as they're more afraid
of losing control than they are of me.
That hardly seems possible.
[Azula] Hmm.
It'd be fairly simple to catch my brother
if I had a network of spies
at my disposal.
All we have to do now
is figure out who the shadow ruler is.
How do we do that?
Unfortunately. we're going to
have to do it the easy way.
- Oh. Joo Dee?
- Yes?
[screams]
[door opens]
[door closes]
Hello.
Again.
I suspected it might be you.
We have a lot to discuss.
[Appa grunts]
[Zei] So you're telling me
he bends the air around himself.
[Aang] And us. That's why we don't swallow
any flies when we're riding on top of him.
[Appa grunts]
[Jet] Found this spot
when I first got here.
Only stayed a night.
Bad dreams.
This is the place.
I can almost feel it through the air.
Thank you. Jet.
[Katara] Job's done. So here.
You can go now.
So what happens now?
[Sokka] Well. Aang's gonna meditate.
we're gonna get pulled out of our bodies.
and Appa and Momo are gonna stand guard.
[Appa grunts]
[Zei] Well. this is quite exciting.
So. you're just gonna float around?
Like ghosts?
[Aang] Not quite.
We'll be solid.
but we won't be able to bend.
You'll wanna step back.
You might accidentally get sucked in.
So. hold on. No bending?
It sounds like
you might need backup in there.
Okay. Will you just
make up your mind already?
Maybe I can help.
All righty. Let's do this. guys.
[suspenseful music fades in]
[music intensifying]
[whirring]
[mysterious music playing]
[Zei] I don't…
I don't believe it.
[Toph] There's something there.
Something beyond the door.
I can feel it.
[Sokka] Feel what?
[dramatic music playing]
This.
I've never been in
a building this big before.
- You can feel it?
- [Toph] Yeah.
I mean. I can't bend.
but the acoustics and vibrations in here
are sweet.
[creature] The library
is closed to humans!
I said…
Oh. it's you again.
- You're that owl.
- The spirit of knowledge.
My name is Wan Shi Tong.
he who knows ten thousand things.
You talk human now?
[Wan Shi Tong] And yet
you still don't comprehend.
This world is not for humans.
You should've learned that
after your dalliance with Koh.
Wan Shi Tong. I'm the bridge
between the human and Spirit World.
Go home.
I. Great Spirit.
am Professor Zei. a fellow scholar and--
I care not!
This library has been off-limits to humans
ever since firebending spies
turned an entire wing to ash
because they feared the information within
would be used to defeat them
on the battlefield.
We wouldn't do that.
I'm a friend of the Spirit World.
I know of your misadventures. boy Avatar.
The murder of Tui and the fury of La.
the fury you harnessed
to destroy your enemy.
Your world is at war.
and you desire to win that war.
How could I trust
your intentions are pacific?
What about the rule…
that a person only need offer
their own worthy knowledge to be admitted?
I offer this on our behalf.
[Wan Shi Tong] Is this the map
that guided you here?
It is.
A worthy offering. Professor.
Promise that no knowledge gained
within these walls
will be used to harm anyone.
You have our word.
Very well.
How will we find what we're looking for?
[Wan Shi Tong] There are
library assistants.
Perhaps you'll find one.
But the library works in its own way.
It may choose to show you what you want.
but it will certainly lead you
to the knowledge that you need.
[Aang gasps]
Do not forget your promise!
[Sokka groans]
All right.
let's split up into teams of two.
We need to find proof of the comet
and when it will be coming.
[Sokka] Let's go.
[Zei chuckles] Wow!
This is…
Whoa. this is incredible.
Wait. [gasps]
It can't be.
It is!
The collected essays of…
No!
Both editions! [chuckles]
- [Sokka] Huh.
- [Zei] Oh.
Personal accounts of the solitary travels
of Sun Wen Lei. [gasps]
[Sokka] Professor Zei?
Oh. I'm sorry. Um…
I know. The comet first
and then onto these. uh. treasures.
No. it's okay. If you wanna stop and read.
I can go ahead and look for--
Oh. I'd like that very much. yes.
Okay.
Excuse me.
Are you a library assistant?
You're a fox.
Oh. uh. I. uh… I knew another fox.
Well. she was a white fox
in the Spirit World.
but she was a human out there.
Her name… her name was Yue.
Uh. do you know her?
She here? Is…
This is the Spirit World.
She could be here. right?
That feels like a yes.
[snapping fingers]
[Aang] This must be the Avatar section.
[Toph] Let's see…
[scoffs]
Whoa.
Raised characters?
Man. this library rules. [chuckles]
One of the previous Avatars
must've experienced the comet
and knows what it does.
All right. well. I'll get reading.
The journals of the ancient.
[Yangchen] That one was a decoy.
Pure fiction.
But you can ask me
whatever you want. Aang.
[poignant music playing]
Oh. [chuckles]
I suppose you haven't seen
another Air Nomad in some time.
[Jet] So.
are we just supposed to read books
until we find an answer?
I don't know.
It's a bit of an odd section.
given how anti-war that bird's speech was.
[Katara] There must be something in here
we're supposed to learn.
How to win an unwinnable war?
[Yangchen] So how are you. Aang?
It's been hard.
We brought these refugees to Ba Sing Se.
and when we got here.
I trusted this guy. Long Feng.
But he was a liar.
and the Great Comet's on the way back.
and I don't feel like I can trust anyone.
Feels like even my friends
are keeping things from me.
I spent most of my life
dealing with spies and liars.
If you need guidance on trusting people.
you've come to the right place.
[chuckles]
Man. she is something.
- Finding my life entertaining?
- Oh jeez.
Who are you?
Kyoshi. Where's Aang?
He's back there somewhere.
I'm the earthbending teacher. by the way.
But you're a child.
Yeah. well. you're dead.
Is this normal for you?
Do you jump out of books all the time.
or is this just a Spirit Library thing?
It's a being close to the Avatar thing.
What's your name?
Toph.
Beifong.
I dislike your family greatly.
[Toph] Yeah. well.
me too.
[sighs] What do you want from the Avatar?
I just want to teach him earthbending.
I mean. I ran away
from my family to do it.
Your family is not so easy to escape.
[scoffs] So I'm finding.
I guess I thought I did escape
with Aang and Katara and Sokka.
It's kind of the first time
I've had friends.
A new family.
I guess so.
I really. really don't want
to let them down.
Oh. [sighs]
You will. Eventually. in some way.
But if you've chosen your friends well.
they'll understand.
What if they don't?
Because of who I am.
You worry too much about your surname.
My parents were not good people either.
Who were your parents?
[Kyoshi sighs]
Exactly.
[laughs]
[fox yelps]
Am I supposed to pull that?
[clanking]
[dramatic music playing]
[Sokka] It's not you. is it?
I… I just thought if I looked hard enough.
I could see you.
Or if… if I listened the right way.
I could hear you.
Aang and Katara say I'm the plan man now.
The person who comes up with a solution.
If… if I had been this person
back then.
that day…
could I have saved you?
Or am I only this person now…
because of you?
- [Yangchen] You have to risk being hurt.
- [music fades]
In my time. I was betrayed
by one of my closest friends.
You didn't know Long Feng was a liar.
You just knew you needed help.
Without putting trust in others.
the weight of this role will crush you.
But I thought I knew people.
I thought I could see
if there was good in them.
And. if I needed to.
convince them to be good.
[Yangchen scoffs]
That's a lot to ask of yourself.
You can't control other people.
You can only control your own actions.
Then my actions need to be better.
I need to be so much better than I am.
Every Avatar feels like
they're the most important Avatar
that ever lived.
But we all make mistakes.
I thought I was so successful
at maintaining peace.
But my actions angered the Spirit World.
and Avatar Kuruk paid a huge price.
No Avatar can succeed
at balancing everything forever.
That's why we'll always need
the next Avatar.
Well.
that's a little comforting.
At least I know
if I don't accomplish everything.
there will always be another one after me.
Unless there isn't.
When you're in the Avatar State.
you're channeling the power
of all the previous Avatars.
If you die in that state.
the cycle will cease.
No… reincarnation?
The end of the Avatar forever.
Correct.
And the world will fall
out of balance forever.
Well…
Fine. It's fine.
I can't really control it anyway.
so I don't use it.
Not yet.
But as your mastery of the elements grows.
your control of the Avatar State
grows too.
First. bringing yourself into it
and out of it at will.
Then precision.
So now that I can waterbend and earthbend…
You're probably stronger than you know.
So.
I could use the Avatar State
against the Fire Nation.
I could tell the king that's the plan
if I needed to.
Aang. I implore you.
Wield this power wisely.
Stay alive.
[Katara] It just started with a sick girl.
She needed golden nettles.
and I couldn't risk being identified.
Because it might look bad for Aang?
He seems like he'd understand.
I don't need him to. though.
I don't need you to either.
It's just something that I had to do.
So you looked in the mirror.
decided to do something just for you.
and you became a hero.
A masked avenger?
[laughs]
I looked in the mirror
and became a lying thief.
Useless to everyone.
You had your money. You could've gone.
But you came with us
because you do wanna help.
You're still a freedom fighter.
whether you admit it or not.
[Jet sighs]
Is that the duke's helmet?
[mysterious music playing]
When the Fire Nation invaded.
he was always the first one to volunteer.
[sighs] He kept saying.
"I trained for this."
We had.
Kind of.
We struck back.
Insurgents.
We knew every inch of the city.
and we wouldn't let them move freely
without feeling our sting.
One day…
they were ready for us.
There was an ambush.
and Pipsqueak and the Duke…
I didn't see what happened to Pipsqueak.
but…
[sighs]
…I picked up The Duke. and I ran.
[voice breaking] I ran as far
and as fast as I could.
By the time I stopped to check him…
he was already cold.
We were kids
playing at war.
And then a real war came.
Every single one of them
would still be alive if they never met me.
[panting]
[Katara] It's not your fault.
It's the Fire Nation's.
And you know that.
You did good.
You taught them to stand up.
They would love you for that. I'm sure.
They're better off without me.
Everyone is.
[Toph] We are in serious trouble.
There's this comet coming.
and it's supposed to
supercharge the Firebenders.
And we have to tell
the Earth King about it.
But we have no proof
or any idea of when it's going to come.
Yes. you do.
No. I don't.
You're holding the proof in your hands.
The Great Comet came twice during my life.
It does make Firebenders stronger.
but it also made my firebending stronger.
A strong Avatar can maintain balance.
So you… you put it all in here?
Yes.
I tracked the orbital cycle of the comet.
So its arrival
should be simple to calculate.
In fact. I tracked all periods when
other elements were stronger or weaker.
Wait. so.
is there a time
when Firebenders are weaker?
Yes. During a solar eclipse.
or as they call it. the Day of Black Sun.
[Toph sighs]
They lose their bending entirely.
[gasps] That's it! I have to go! I…
Sokka! Sokka!
- Sokka. we got it!
- [Sokka] What?
We found the date of the comet
in Kyoshi's diary.
The Firebenders are supercharged
by the comet. right?
Well. they lose their bending entirely
on the day of a solar eclipse.
They'll be helpless.
If there's an eclipse
before the comet arrives--
Then that's the day we attack.
No way! This is the room
where we can figure that out.
It tracks the movement
of everything in the sky.
So if we test the dates
before the comet arrives
and there's an eclipse.
we can kiss those ash-holes goodbye!
Here!
[Jet] Is this for real?
[Katara] What do you mean?
Today.
Right now.
We might actually find a way
to beat the Fire Nation?
We have a shot.
Thanks to you.
[dramatic music playing]
[squeaks]
[Appa grunts]
[chittering]
- [explosion]
- [Appa grunting]
[Momo chittering]
[mysterious music playing]
[Appa grunting]
[Iroh] Zuko?
I had him.
But I couldn't do it.
I've got you.
[Zei] Mr. Great Librarian?
[Wan Shi Tong] Mmm.
What is it. scholar?
[Zei] I understand now.
Why you took this place
from the human world.
We're infected with
ignorance.
greed.
and power lust.
So. um…
that's why I have to inform you
of a violation of the rules.
[suspenseful music swells]
- [Katara] How far out are we?
- [Sokka] From today?
Look.
At what?
The eclipse.
I can't believe it! We have it!
The Day of Black Sun! We know it!
[chuckles]
[Wan Shi Tong] I knew
you couldn't be trusted.
Wait. no. You don't understand.
This isn't about hurting people.
It's about saving lives.
Saving your lives through war!
Wait a minute. How did you even find out?
[Wan Shi Tong] He informed me
of your wrongdoing
in exchange for access to this library
for all eternity.
[Aang] Professor?
How could you?
You broke your promise.
Unfortunately. Professor.
you may not enjoy eternity much.
What?
You used what you learned here
to harm your friends.
You'll be the first to pay the price!
[screeches]
No! I'm a scholar. like you!
- Run!
- Go!
[tense music swells]
[Appa grunts]
[Appa groans]
[tense music playing]
[Momo screams]
[Appa squeals]
Toph. go! We're right behind you!
You will not elude me!
Don't you see? We're just trying
to protect the people that we love!
And I am protecting what I love!
No. no. no. no. no!
No. no. no. no!
No. come on!
Okay!
No!
No! Come on!
Stop sinking!
[Appa grunting]
Appa. help me! [grunts]
[Toph grunts] Hey! Get away from him!
[grunts]
No! No! Got it!
[screeches]
Come on!
[Wan Shi Tong screeches]
- What now?
- I'll distract him.
The rest of you. get past him and get out.
No.
I'll do it.
You can't fight him.
No. we'll figure it out.
Katara. do me a favor.
[wings flapping]
[screeches]
Kill them all.
[Sokka] Katara. come on. Get up.
Time to trim those feathers!
[screeches]
[dramatic music playing]
Heave off. insect!
[Jet grunts]
[gasps]
[groans]
[Appa groaning]
Leave him alone!
[grunts]
No!
[Appa grunts]
I'm sorry. Appa!
[grunts]
- [Appa groans]
- [Toph grunts]
[mysterious music playing]
[screeching]
[groaning]
[grunts]
[dramatic music playing]
[screeching]
[gasps]
[mystical whirring]
[Katara] Jet!
Jet! We have to get him out somehow!
- How?
- I don't know how! We have to go back in!
- How do we get him out?
- No!
No! No. he's gone.
[somber music playing]
He saved us all.
[Katara breathing shakily]
[gasps]
Wait.
Where's Appa?
Appa?
Where are you. buddy?
Appa!
[Momo whimpering]
Momo?
[Aang] Appa!
- Aang.
- [Aang] Toph. can you feel Appa?
No! No. some people came.
and they took him! I…
Took him where?
I don't know! I was… I was…
Look. I tried to stop them!
- [Sokka] Who took him? Aang?
- [Toph] I don't know!
Appa!
Aang.
[echoing] Appa!
[dramatic music swells]
[wind whistling]
[adventurous music playing]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm